function getenv pchar
parameter name cstring

function closedir int
parameter dirp dir

function dirfd fd
parameter dirp dir

function fclose int
parameter stream file

function fdopendir dir
parameter fd fd

function fileno fd
parameter stream file

function fopen file
parameter path cstring
parameter mode cstring

function fprintf int
parameter stream file
parameter format cstring
variadic real_vfprintf

function free void
parameter ptr pvoid

function getpid pid_t

function _IO_putc char
parameter c char
parameter stream file

function malloc pvoid
parameter size size_t

function realloc pvoid
parameter ptr pvoid
parameter size size_t

function opendir dir
parameter name cstring

function putc char
parameter c char
parameter stream file

function readdir_r int
parameter dirp dir
parameter entry dirent
parameter result pdirent

function read ssize_t
parameter fd fd
parameter buf pvoid
parameter count size_t

function sprintf int
parameter str string
parameter format cstring
variadic real_vsprintf

function vsprintf int
parameter str string
parameter format cstring
parameter ap va_list

function sscanf int
parameter str cstring
parameter format cstring
variadic real_vsscanf

function strcat string
parameter dest string
parameter src cstring

function strchr string
parameter s cstring
parameter c char

function strstr string
parameter haystack cstring
parameter needle cstring

function strcmp int
parameter s1 cstring
parameter s2 cstring

function strcpy string
parameter dest string
parameter src cstring

function strncpy string
parameter dest string
parameter src cstring
parameter n size_t

function strlen size_t
parameter s cstring

function tolower char
parameter c char

function toupper char
parameter c char

function vfprintf int
parameter stream file
parameter format cstring
parameter ap va_list

function vsnprintf int
parameter str string
parameter size size_t
parameter format cstring
parameter ap va_list

function vsscanf int
parameter str cstring
parameter format cstring
parameter ap va_list

function write ssize_t
parameter fd fd
parameter buf pcvoid
parameter count size_t

function memmove pvoid
parameter dest pvoid
parameter src pcvoid
parameter n size_t

function memcpy pvoid
parameter dest pvoid
parameter src pcvoid
parameter n size_t

function memset pvoid
parameter s pvoid
parameter c char
parameter n size_t

function getline ssize_t
parameter lineptr pstring
parameter n psize_t
parameter stream file

function close int
parameter fd fd
